docs: Seach Metadata Batch 01 (#14560)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/enterprise/redundancy.mdx

---
layout: docs
page_title: Redundancy Zones (Enterprise)
description: >-

> Add non-voting servers to clusters to create redundancy zones for deployments. Learn how distributed ""hot standby"" servers improve resiliency and scaling by preserving quorum.

Reviewer: Why the double quote?

> Add non-voting servers to clusters to create redundancy zones for deployments. Learn how distributed ""hot standby"" servers improve resiliency and scaling by preserving quorum.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Redundancy zones are regions of the cluster that contain "hot standby" servers, which are non-voting servers that can replace voting servers in the event of a failure. Learn about redundancy zones and how they improve resiliency and increase fault tolerance without affecting  latency.
```
Added a definition to capture terms other than "hot standby" servers that users might search on. I don't know if it helps, though.
